


> back to stackedit

so sad to accept the truth that I have remove the dairy and articles wrote with stackedit and saved in localStorage personally == ,for which I decide not to use stackedit for a while ..

but now I am back , back to the familliar corner , and think I should not leave the absurd fault on a brilliant online edit tool ^^

-----
> if we got strongest willing , the whole world will make way for you.


today I talked with an old friend on the wechat using voice, to my surprise he has been a little fed up with the work that he did every day and was seek for another kind of lifestyle , and I asked why , he told me that when he was study at school,  the teacher told the classmates that they've got a bright prospect , and the business of this industry is ok, but when he really join the real job as a intern , he has a strong feeling of been tricked , because of the head in different time, he feel awful.

there is no any good if I was he. to be honest I've encountered the same feeling when I was a fresh man in university , and it seems like when you have done what ever your effort and then you have been sentenced to failed cruelly , just because in the past you are a innocent guy. 

after been loss and puzzled,I decide to find my own way.
and from then on I begin to realize something: if the surroundings which you ever expect to rely on didn't give the accurate guidance to you，that 's ok ,because they are not exist for you , they just should have to point you the right way but if they not, they didn't sustain a big loss, the thing is you , you are all you've loss . so don't hesitate, if you already have the impulsion to live what kind of life , just take it into action, go for it , enjoy the precess of pursuing. 
we are not alike with our parents generation , for some tough time they just live for survive and took a lot tiny things into consideration, for us most of it just simplified to like something or dislike , so be brave ! that's not that difficult when you really hold the ambition and wanna to achieve something.

aha, at the end of this chicken soup，still got the change to apologize to some guy for the stupid mistake I've made recently,
sorry I am not really want to change the attitude and manners toward you , for me it's a must , and I think it's a proper decision, trust me.
 