


### <i class="icon-pencil"></i> todo：

**quote system**

- add a backout button.

- change the edit button style:when content changed , the style changed as well.

- remove the save action when click other area.

###  <i class="icon-book"></i>school affairs 


###  <i class="icon-columns"></i> diary

the first day of university 3.0 XD

start to experience on the run between school and company

so efficient when it's no need to wait the bus ~

I like my new bag drawing the symbol of FC Barcelona !

everything will gonna be alright 


------

When I woke up in the morning , I start to aware that I should be on the run. The clock didn't wait me for a moment , I was in a bad case because of the bad sleep last night .
It's a beautiful day ,the blue sky always draw my  attention like the pretty limped eyes of a girl without any impurity. Actually I have no time to scrutinize that scene...

8 o'clock seat in the classroom on time and 9:35 ride to subway entrance and 10:15 arrived company .
with no hesitate , after lunch about 12:40 I was heading back school for the important lesson data structure , which begin at 1:30 pm, then came an ease when I seat there. 
after class , I was on a hurry again.
there is two choices , went to another class or went to company.
I am not sure if I am ok to absent even if it's the first day of class  ,but the original thought told me that the last one is more important, so that became my choice and I was on the way again.
3:40, I am in company again. at that moment , a deeply tired feeling attack me , I lay on my station and take a nap...
then it seems to get on the right track.
anyway , a unforgettable day ,
and , hmm , nice day as well ~






