## tech

markup.js

> Markup.js is a simple yet surprisingly powerful template system for JavaScript.

- why  it?


> Markup.js takes the pain out of converting structured data into HTML markup or other text formats. Its intuitive syntax and small footprint (only 1.9KB minified and gzipped) make it the perfect choice for your JavaScript app. Plus there are no dependencies.

- usage

refer to this : [markup of npm ](https://www.npmjs.com/package/markup-js#usage "markup.js")

-----

git stash

- description

> Use git stash when you want to record the current state of the working directory and the index, but want to go back to a clean working directory. The command saves your local modifications away and reverts the working directory to match the HEAD commit.

> The modifications stashed away by this command can be listed with git stash list, inspected with git stash show, and restored (potentially on top of a different commit) with git stash apply. Calling git stash without any arguments is equivalent to git stash save. A stash is by default listed as "WIP on branchname …", but you can give a more descriptive message on the command line when you create one.

>The latest stash you created is stored in refs/stash; older stashes are found in the reflog of this reference and can be named using the usual reflog syntax (e.g. stash@{0} is the most recently created stash, stash@{1} is the one before it, stash@{2.hours.ago} is also possible).

- option

	- save
	- list
	- show
	- pop
	- apply
	- branch
	- clear
	- drop
	- create
	- store

more example at [official doc](file:///C:/Program%20Files%20(x86)/Git/doc/git/html/git-stash.html "git stash")